At this point, you hopefully have a good
general idea of what big data means and
why big data is important.
So now, we need to focus on what to do
when we have an application
that uses big data.
In this video, we focus on
the problem of managing big data.
So at the end of the video,
you should be able to describe what data
management means in general, and then
specifically recognize the issues that are
involved in the management of big data.
First, let's see what data
management means in general.
Instead of giving you
definitions of data management,
let's think of some questions
that must be asked and
answered well if you're to manage
a reasonable amount of data.
Now, we can not possibly cover
all questions one should ask for
a data-centric application, but here are
some important ones, which range from how
we get the data, to how we work with it,
to how we secure it from malicious users.
We'll visit these issues one at a time.